# CS360

I have added the final version of my project for this course to this repository.  
This app was designed to provide an inventory manegment system for its users that can track the quantity of items.  
This app consists of three unique screens. As per the user's needs, the primary screen should be the inventory grid. This screen is where the user can add items, and increase or decrease their quantity. This main screen is preceded by a login screen that prevents non-authorized access to the user's inventory (and could be later used to impliment different inventories or permeissions on the same device). The third screen of the app is simply the permission request screeen where users can toggle the "depleted item" alerts on or off.  
I coded this app by following the design as closely as possible. Most of the requirements were listed simply in the design, and most of the coding questiong I had could be solved by reviewing my lessons in each course module. Some coding solutions required me to perform a broader internet search, and I have realized in my time at SNHU that this answer seeking process is one of the more important skills for programming.  
Testing the code started by eliminating any listed compiling errors, and then running the code on an emluated Android device. Unfortunately, I failed to create an app that performed all of the required tasks during this test. Specifically, my app seems to crash whenever I attempt to click a button.  
Aside from the stipulation of a grid layout for the inventory screen, none of the layout for this app was specified, so the entire rest of the visual theme for this app was up to me to design. Both in terms of their look and their function the buttons of this app required the most innovation from me.  
Overall I'd say that the placement of the app's elements into its three layouts is where I was most successful in my development.  
